# Cerulean-Bee

Cerulean Bee is an apparel designing firm owned and managed by Bob Bee. Through this project we are helping Bob Bee in better managing his company related data. Bob Bee is an artist who designs and prints shirts and jerseys according to the user specifications. A user can submit an order in this company to print an artwork of his choice on a t-shirt or jersey and the company prints the artwork on an apparel in specific locations as mentioned by the customer. The artwork details, colors needed for the artwork, locations in which it needs to be printed are all recorded for each order. All the company data is currently stored using traditional data storage methods, but it can be erroneous and cause data mismatch. Hence, a better method for managing the data is implemented in this project where data is stored in a database that makes data more consistent and reliable. The data management system implemented through this project consists of a web application for the company that helps all the users to handle the data in a robust manner and thus help in the smooth functioning of the company. Storing the customer orders online, employees logging their work hours online, generation of project cost analysis reports are some of the features implemented which are explained in detail in this report. The company can be transformed to a completely online firm where users can submit their orders online, make payments and track their order status along with many other useful features. 
